[CI:DOCS] Document --read-only --rootfs requirements (#7589)
containers/podman: troubleshooting.md

the fuse kernel module has not been loaded on your host system.  Use the command `modprobe fuse` to load the
module and then run the container image afterwards.  To enable this automatically at boot time, you can add a configuration
file to `/etc/modules.load.d`.  See `man modules-load.d` for more details.

### 25) podman run --rootfs link/to//read/only/dir does not work

> https://github.com/containers/podman/issues/5895#

Reviewer: I'd prefer to see a short description here;
```suggestion
An error such as "OCI runtime error" on a read-only filesystem or the error "{image} is not an absolute path or is a symlink" are often times indicators for this issue.  For more details, review this [issue](
https://github.com/containers/podman/issues/5895).
```

#### Symptom

Rootless Podman requires certain files to exist in a file system in order to run.

> Podman will create /etc/resolv.conf /etc/hosts and other fds on the rootfs in order

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Podman will create /etc/resolv.conf, /etc/hosts and other file decriptors on the rootfs in order
```
